Luna, you are back
The soup is just ready.
Well, what kind of sugar is this? It smells good
This is the pork loin brought by the rest of winter.
Pig slices plus the medicine boiled by Angelica are on top
Drink it, it's good for your health.
I'm actually in good health.
Oh, I know.
The soup tastes good when it's cold
I'll sing you another ten thousand
Hey, Nini
I won't let you down.
I believe you.
Mom, why are you crying?
You are going out to get married in a few days.
You don't recognize me when I get married
I'm not allowed to enter the house
What nonsense
How could I not recognize you and not let you enter the house?
Mom, I'm just married
It's not that I'm not coming back.
Another day me and Zhou Yuesheng
Come back to see you with a few children
Don't think we're annoying and chase us away then.
Silly kids talk nonsense
The bridegroom is here
miss
I'm here to take you home